So what will we build in this module.
We'll build a simple app and then this app will not focus too much on the app itself or build a basic
app here will not add too many features because I instead want to focus on all these coordinate device
features.
So we'll build a a simple application which allows us to manage some great places we found let's say
so on the starting screen we'll have a list of those places where we maybe have an image.
Then the title and then here the the address of that place and we'll have such a list here where we
can view all these places.
Now once we tap such a place where taken to the to the detail screen for that place where we see a bigger
image where we then also see the address and below that we see a map preview which we can also tap to
open a full screen map.
So to go to a new screen essentially where we of course also can go back just as we can go back here
by the way.
So where we can go back where we then see a full screen map representation of that place.
Now of course to add new places we'll have a way of doing that will have a plus or a create button here
in the menu.
And when we tap this button we're taken to yet another new screen which allows us to add a place.
Now on this screen we can enter a title with a regular text input but we can all do and that's not the
interesting part.
We can also take a image and display a preview here.
So we have a take image button here below that which we can press and dad would open up the device camera
of course so that we can take a photo with the device camera and below that I or I will all they have
a map preview and we can locate the user.
So we have a locate button here or choose on map button which obviously should fit onto the page and
not overlap it.
But these are the two buttons we'll have here choose on map and locate and dad will then while you were
picked the location where the user is currently at and populate this map preview with it or if you click
choose on map will also open that full screen map here.
But now in a mode where we can tap on a place there and then this place will be selected and we can
then click save up here to save that place and use that place here for this screen and there ultimately
will also have a save button which we can press to at this new place.
Now new places will be stored in a sequel light database.
Now of course you might want to store them on a web server but you already learned how that would work.
So in this model I want to focus on a new storage technique which you also need in some apps where you
store something on the device and on device database.
And that is of course also a common scenario not all data needs to be stored on web servers maybe you
have an app where you need to store everything on a web server but you also might have some data in
some apps which you only need to store locally on the device.
The advantage of storing it locally of course is that you need no Internet connection.
The disadvantages that it can't be shared with our users.
But if it's exclusive to this app installation then you might absolutely want to store it locally.
So down for this is what we're about to build regarding the navigation on it's not the most complex
app because we had plenty of practice with that but we'll have plenty of amazing native device features
in their camera maps user location files storage and also sequel Lite.
So with Dad you'll have a solid understanding of how to tap into such features and ATM to your application
when you're done with this module.